>> Great, so let's go through these two.
So first we're gonna use pop to
remove the last city from the list.
So, here's an example of
pattern matching syntax.
So remember if I just say city names.pub,
this is not gonna work the press escape.
Okay, fixed Sorry,
it's gonna wait for this to go away.
So if I call citynames.pub, that's not
gonna work because we're gonna get
an error here where it says hey, wait
a minute, this is an option not as string.
So here's how we can deal with
that is I can actually just
match on citynames.pop directly and
just do one of these.
I can uncomment these.
And now, I've got this nice
little match right here, and
I can just change this inner value.
I'm just gonna return
that right here first.
In the case of none,
I'm just gonna use empty string.
Okay.
So, there's one other problem here, which
is that city names is not mutable and
pop is something that actually mutates
like it takes something off of the back.
So you can say cannot borrow
city names as mutable.
We haven't talked about borrowing yet,
but it does at least have a suggestion at
the end there consider changing this
to be mutable, and that will in fact,
fix the problem.
So now this is no longer giving
us an error, citynames.pop.
And now we're basically able to do
the pop, get back our option and
then we say either it's some in which
case we wanna just record that city
name the inner value, or we're just
going to default to empty string and
just say there was no city name that
was just an empty string there instead.
Okay, next now we've got our last
city which is a string we can
call starts with and then so it's going
to print either these things great.
Now we've done that we're going to use dot
push to put last city back in city name so
we're going to say city names dot push,
last city Oops.
Okay.
And finally, we want to print
out the full list of cities.
So we're gonna do for city,
we've got to see this,
actually just copy paste this right here.
So we're gonna say for
city name in city names dot iter.
And we'll just print each of
these with a little asterisk
next to them so
sort of like a bullet point.
City name all right,
everything compiles let's see how it runs.
Cool Rossville starts with an R.
I agree.
Here's the full list of cities Python to
Java's Burg c by the sea and westville.
Any questions?
>> When once more could you explain
why do we need the match again?
>> Sure so basically, the pop function or
the pop method does not
return a string even though
this is a vector of strings.
And the reason it doesn't return that
is because Russ doesn't have a concept
like null or undefined or nil.
So what happens if this vector happens
to be empty when I call pop on it,
like what is it actually returned?
So because there's no possible
value It could return.
Will rust does is instead of returning
something like nil or undefined or
panicking, what it does instead is it
returns this option enum, and the option
basically represents the concept of the
value that might or might not be there.
And so, if we have the subvariant,
that means the value is there.
In which case,
we can pattern match on it and get it out.
But, there also might be none which
indicates there was not value there.
And so, basically this branch
will get run If we call pop and
there is something to pop off there,
but otherwise it's not gonna work.
It's just gonna come back as as none.
>> So, rust is forcing you to
explicitly write your edge case
scenarios into your code.
>> Yeah, it's as if you had, like null
checking built into the language where
it said like you If you get back no you
have to handle the possibility that
it's no except that rather than having
it be no rust basically uses this
concept that's already got of enums
to accomplish something similar.